Thank you William!

Good morning -today is SERIES S4H very slightly iffy and the SPILL is DOWN.
Today is EXPIRATION  on a QUAD WITCH… Last week CLOSED @ 2087.3 BIG SPOO
FUTURES & this week opened at 2079, rallied Monday to 2088.2 FUTURES and
puked on S1L to LOD and CLOSE @ 2068.7 , 2069.5 LOD ...MORE

Coming into the week  as is always the case , it was noted THE MAJOR USA
 DATA POINT will be the FED 2 p.m. WED. , but as early as last week posts
and commentaries alluded to LONDON BOOKIES , aka BREXIT , would play as
large a  roll this week as any other CATALYST. ..MORE

The YELL was assigned and is 2074 just below the critical 2075.5 SPOT.As
FED DAY began we had just bottomed a 55 FIBO handle DUMP from the 2110
FRONT MONTH HIGH, CASH 2120.55 .THE INTIAL REACTION to FED was a lep to the
WEEKLY OPEN at 2079 WHERE PRICE IS STILL TRAPPED.The last hour high that
day was 2075 and the market began a pre-identified trending move basis
JANET SHUTTING UP.This threw momma off the train

and the KEY prices to understand and DO NOT BE GUILTY OF TRYING TO SHOOT
ELEPHANTS WITH SEWING NEEDLES are 2075.5 SPOT, 2079 TRAPPED, 2068 SPOT
break confirmed the FED DUMP IN MOTION aka 2077 cash, and 2058 SPOT VERY
INTERESTING ..MORE

Now shift gears to  yesterdayto pick up some nano stuff and then will come
back and tie it all together: I have been somewhat  reluctantly been
drilling down into EW/FIB stuff a little more lately and recently left a
‘typical’ measure PENCIL AND ERASER TYPES looking for 5th wave prices where
SUPPLY would show up. This was in regards to the 2130-2134 CASH BAND and
the often observed (erroneously referred to as a rule ) is to take the
distance of origin to wave 1 high and add that amount   to the low at wave
4 w. The other technique being take the distance from origin to the top of
wave 3  and apply .618 % of that move to the wave 4 low,,,this begs the
question : WHY ARE YOU PUKING THIS CRAPPO;LA  out now????...HERE:

All week there have been 39 min and 3 min cash charts being attached to
 the commentaries. All week key elements on each of those charts have been
highlighted.. Places were given on the 3 min chart in advance where the
BULLS would LOSE EACH OF THEIR MOST IMMEDIATE bullish opportunities
alternatives and all were wrapped within  the statement : 2025.91 cash is
the most important current price on the chart...NOW, yesterday  we had
rejected the .382 retrace for the TRAP at 2079 ES, 2085.85 cash and price
opened on a gap down through the 39 min cash .618 retrace of 2025.91 to
2120.55 @ 2062.08 cash FV adjusted to the 2053.5 SPOT to 2055 zone (FV
BREATHES)..Although muddy , the idea was for the market to make an A.M. LOW
 sollowig a SPILL UP..MORE

The SPILL UP was WEEK and  ‘warnings’ of KNIFE CATCHING, BOUNCES ONLY , the
large 2050 ES  roundie , EW COUNT DOES NOT NOT NOT LOOK COMPLETE , were
given .FINALLY 2 KEY ZONES  were given  2050.39 cash where c = ,618 of a
and more eyes than a peacock on TRIPLE ASTERISK 39 min chart 2046/2047.This
was given starting at 9:46 a.m. eastern , the 2046 spot was sliced and
diced  (-2.75 before +1) and a should be recovered same day was given all
between 9:46 and 10:02 ..BOTTOM LINE : the market became ALIGNED on a
slightly late but very acceptable a.m. low at   10:39   & 2050.37 CASH
within 2 cents  of  2050.39 CASH ...THE REST OF THE DAY was a VIOLENT
SNAPBACK RALLY (June 14 commentary :  .BREXIT inoculation last week is
overarching the market, we are setting up the FED tomorrow..Ranges did
expand and expect snapbacks to be violent IF THEY OCCUR ), the second 1 of
the week : the first from 55 fib handles down and the 2nd from c= .618 of a
OR OR OR  if you are a big bear you will VIEW the drop from 2120.55 cash
 as 5 down and VOILA!!! The low is where 5 = .618 of the distance from
origin through wave 3  (the 55 down ) and subtracted from the wave 4 high
2085.85 cash in red on the 3 min cash  AND THIS IS EXACTLY THE SAME
APPROACH USED TO PROJECT A 5TH WAVE HIGH  GIVEN ABOVE and that is the
reason all this detail is given , albeit the secondary reason ...THE
PRIMARY REASON is it shapes the WHAT NEXT AND THE HONING..

HONING- S4H  spill down .. a.m. high, mid am. Low, lunch high, mid p.m.
low, last hour hgih W/three choices : NORMAL, link stink, and wedge zoom --
Monday we had a very aberrant and weak form of wedge zoom --the zoom not
only went wheezy it was overwhelmed assign a very ugly last hour high and
the day ended very very weak… The BULLS WANT THE NORMAL  with

Trend up day to last hour high and on price they  need to recover the the
YELL   2074 and get the 2075.5 as FIRST NEED .After that id the NORMAL is
tracking , it is obvious they want to go AFTER THE PRIOR weekly close AND
THE 39 cash TRENDLINE which runs from 2089.21 cash to 2092.41 in 32 cent
increments.. OBVIOUSLY , this makes going to the 2087.3 weekly close a very
far bridge without killing the trendline due to the -8.33 FV BUT it does
make the 2080-2083 ROUNDIE TO SPOT DOABLE FINALLY DBOY if the bulls do the
normal outcome.The BEARS need yesterday’s violent spike to go LINK STINK
(lightening bolt down day -zz ) or WEDGE ZOOM with a wheezy zoom  not
killing the 2075.5 !!, the YELL preferably and certainly not going for the
trendline..PRICE WISE   underneath it is obvious the BEARS need to kill the
2063,5 SPOT for starters but mainly they need to kill the 2058 SPOT.. Use
 2063.5 -2075.5 SPOTS AND WORK IN FOR STARTERS… THE BIG PICTURE DOC IS
COMING  MONDAY

SPOTS TA ROUNDIES…

         FV -8.33  S4L VERY SLIGHT IFFY  06/17/16  SEPTEMBER 2016 contract

          DAILY

       WEEKLY

          PIVOT  2060.6
                                                                2092.5



          S1  2050.2
                                                                    2075.0

          S2  2030.6
                                                                    2062.7

          R1  2080.2
                                                                    2104.8

          R2  2090.6
                                                                    2122.3

        MAX H  2110.2
                                                               2134.8

        MAX L   2020.2
                                                               2045.2



        Range Projections

        2055.4-2085.4  Primary
                                                 2068.9-2098.7

        2040.4-2070.4  Alternate
                                               2083.8-2113.6



         TVS

         2064.5 High
                                                                 2110.0

         2042.4 Low
                                                                  2102.4



         TWO    DAY

        2061.0-2064.6 HIGH

        2047.4-2051.0 LOW

      OPG   2053.5
                                                                   2092.7

.          H 2071.0
                                                                    2110.0


          L  2041.0
                                                                    2080.3
          C 2069.8
                                                                    2087.3



-- 
*MrTopStep Group*

*web*: http://mrtopstep.com
*email*: info@mrtopstep.com
*youtube*: http://youtube.com/mrtopstepgroup
*twitter*: http://twitter.com/mrtopstep


*NOTICE of CONFIDENTIALITY & DISCLAIMER:  This email is intended only for
the person(s) or entity to which it is addressed and may contain
confidential and/or privileged material. Delivery of this email or any of
the information contained herein to anyone other than the intended
recipient or his designated representative is unauthorized and any other
use, reproduction, distribution or copying of this document or the
information contained herein, in whole or in part, without the prior
written consent of sender or its affiliates is prohibited and may be
unlawful.*

*The information and data in the following report(s) were obtained from
sources considered reliable.  Opinions, market data, and recommendations
are subject to change at any time.   Their accuracy or completeness is not
guaranteed and the giving of the same is not to be deemed as an offer or
solicitation on our part with respect to the sale or purchase of any
commodities or securities.  MrTopStep, its officers, directors and its
contributors may in the normal course of business, have position(s), which
may or may not agree with the opinions expressed in this report.
MrTopStep, its officers, and directors are not agents, representatives, or
affiliates of the CME Group.*

*Trading Futures, Options on Futures, and retail off-exchange foreign
currency transactions involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable
for all investors. You should carefully consider whether trading is
suitable for you in light of your circumstances, knowledge, and financial
resources.  Any decision to purchase or sell as a result of the opinions
expressed in these report(s) will be the full responsibility of the
person(s) authorizing such transaction(s).     AN INVESTOR COULD LOSE ALL
OR MORE THAN THE INITIAL INVESTMENT.  PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT INDICATIVE OF
FUTURE RESULTS.*

